Check broken links (#1461)
ocaml/v3.ocaml.org: data/changelog/odoc/2021-10-06-odoc-2.0.0.md

The internal library used by `odoc` that models the OCaml module system has been completely rewritten over a multi-year effort by @jonludlam and @Julow, according to a design by @lpw25. The rewrite gives `odoc` a much better understanding of the module system compared to the original implementation. This library is used for two main processes:

> 1. To perform _expansions_, which is the process where `odoc` takes complex module type expressions like [this one from tyxml](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/deps/tyxml/Html_f/index.html#module-Make - [404 Not Found]):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To perform _expansions_, which is the process where `odoc` takes complex module type expressions like [this one from tyxml](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208100141/https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/deps/tyxml/Html_f/index.html#module-Make):
```

    with type +'a elt = Xml.elt
     and type +'a attrib = Xml.attrib
```

> Then turns it into an [output page](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/deps/tyxml/Html_f/Make/index.html - [404 Not Found]) containing the correct types, values, modules, includes, and documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then turns it into an [output page](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208100141/https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/deps/tyxml/Html_f/index.html) containing the correct types, values, modules, includes, and documentation.
```

resolution is the process by which `odoc` determines which documentation page to take you when you click on `C.N.t`.

> The new model has logic to handle many features of the OCaml language, as can be explored [here](http://ocaml.github.io/odoc/features.html - [404 Not Found]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new model has logic to handle many features of the OCaml language, as can be explored [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208094857/http://ocaml.github.io/odoc/features.html).
```

### Output Structure

`odoc 2.0` introduces a new mechanism to specify the structure of the files produced. Although it's a relatively simple new feature, it nevertheless has enabled `odoc` to be used in new ways. In particular, it has allowed `odoc` to construct the

> package documentation for the new OCaml website, [v3.ocaml.org](https://v3.ocaml.org/packages). There is also an [example driver](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/driver.html - [404 Not Found]), showing how `odoc` can be used to construct a stand-alone website for an OCaml package that contains fully-linked documentation for a package and all of its dependencies. This has been used to create `odoc`'s [new website](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package documentation for the new OCaml website, [v3.ocaml.org](https://v3.ocaml.org/packages). There is also an [example driver](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208094857/https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/driver.html), showing how `odoc` can be used to construct a stand-alone website for an OCaml package that contains fully-linked documentation for a package and all of its dependencies. This has been used to create `odoc`'s [new website](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208101345/https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/).
```

### New Drivers

> Like the OCaml compiler itself, running `odoc` on your code requires careful sequencing of the invocations to produce the correct result. Fortunately both `dune` and `odig` understand how to do this, so most users don't need to know the details. If you want more than these tools provide though, we've written a simple [reference driver](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/driver.html - [404 Not Found]), documenting exactly what's necessary to use `odoc` to produce rich documentation. A more complete (and more complex) example is the tool [voodoo](https://github.com/ocaml-doc/voodoo), which is being used to create the docs for [v3.ocaml.org](https://v3.ocaml.org/packages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the OCaml compiler itself, running `odoc` on your code requires careful sequencing of the invocations to produce the correct result. Fortunately both `dune` and `odig` understand how to do this, so most users don't need to know the details. If you want more than these tools provide though, we've written a simple [reference driver](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208101345/https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/driver.html), documenting exactly what's necessary to use `odoc` to produce rich documentation. A more complete (and more complex) example is the tool [voodoo](https://github.com/ocaml-doc/voodoo), which is being used to create the docs for [v3.ocaml.org](https://v3.ocaml.org/packages).
```

## [v3.ocaml.org](https://v3.ocaml.org)

As previously posted, the new version of the OCaml website has been under development for some time now, and an important new feature is the integration of package listings, including documentation for every version of every package. More has been written about this elsewhere, but it's important to note that the new OCaml.org website required a preview version of `odoc 2.0` to work. We've made a few bug fixes since then, so we will update the pipeline to use the released version very soon. For more info on the pipeline to build the docs, see [our recent talk](https://watch.ocaml.org/videos/watch/9bb452d6-1829-4dac-a6a2-46b31050c931) at this year's OCaml Workshop.

## New Website

> The website for `odoc` has been improved with guides for [documentation authors](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/odoc_for_authors.html - [404 Not Found]), [integrators](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/driver.html - [404 Not Found]), and [contributors](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/contributing.html - [404 Not Found]). This site is intended to grow over time with more content to help people write docs for their packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The website for `odoc` has been improved with guides for [documentation authors](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208101345/https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/odoc_for_authors.html), [integrators](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208101345/https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/driver.html), and [contributors](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208101345/https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/contributing.html). This site is intended to grow over time with more content to help people write docs for their packages.
```

## OCamldoc?

> This release, particularly because of the new output renderers, puts `odoc` in a place where it supercedes OCamldoc in most respects. There are a few features we're missing (see [the comparison](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/ocamldoc_differences.html - [404 Not Found]) in the docs), including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release, particularly because of the new output renderers, puts `odoc` in a place where it supercedes OCamldoc in most respects. There are a few features we're missing (see [the comparison](https://web.archive.org/web/20211208101345/https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/ocamldoc_differences.html) in the docs), including
```
